README.md, before:

# Astro GitHub Stats ✨

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-github-stats)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-github-stats)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/astro-github-stats)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-github-stats)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/astro-github-stats)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-github-stats)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ayoayco/astro-github-stats)](https://github.com/ayoayco/astro-github-stats)

Embed GitHub stats on your [Astro](https://astro.build) page ✨

Features:

1. Embed GitHub Account stats
1. Embed GitHub Account top languages
1. Embed GitHub Repositories info with stars

# Insatllation

```
npm i astro-github-stats
```

# Usage

Then use on your Astro page:

```astro
---
import GithubStats from 'astro-github-stats';
---

<!-- Add your account stats -->
<GithubStats username="ayoayco" />

<!-- Add your account stats -->
<GithubStats username="ayoayco" topLanguages={true} />

<!-- Add a repo card with info and stars -->
<GithubStats username="withastro" repo="astro" />
```

# Screenshots

Example Account Card:

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayoayco/astro-github-stats/main/assets/screenshot.png)

Example Account Top Languages:

<img width="312" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-29 at 9 09 05 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4262489/193121588-9737c861-d08a-4103-9d9b-11bcd0c7c713.png">

Example Repo Card:

![Screen Shot 2022-09-27 at 3 51 15 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4262489/192545079-c602944c-6843-427a-b810-832973e6782c.png)

# Future plans

Initially this is a wrapper for [github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) supporting the basic github account stats card. Other features can be supported later, depending on demand:

1. themes
1. account top languages

_Please report issues found or suggestions in the [project issues page](https://github.com/ayoayco/astro-github-stats/issues)_

Commit message:

feat: support account card with icons

README.md, after:

# Astro GitHub Stats ✨

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-github-stats)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-github-stats)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/astro-github-stats)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-github-stats)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/astro-github-stats)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-github-stats)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ayoayco/astro-github-stats)](https://github.com/ayoayco/astro-github-stats)

Embed GitHub stats on your [Astro](https://astro.build) page ✨

Features:

1. Embed GitHub Account stats (with or without icons)
1. Embed GitHub Account top languages
1. Embed GitHub Repositories info with stars

# Insatllation

```
npm i astro-github-stats
```

# Usage

Then use on your Astro page:

```astro
---
import GithubStats from 'astro-github-stats';
---

<!-- show your account stats -->
<GithubStats username="ayoayco" />

<!-- show your account stats w/ icons -->
<GithubStats username="ayoayco" showIcons={true} />

<!-- show your account top languages -->
<GithubStats username="ayoayco" topLanguages={true} />

<!-- show a repo card with info and stars -->
<GithubStats username="withastro" repo="astro" />
```

# Screenshots

Example Account Card:

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayoayco/astro-github-stats/main/assets/screenshot.png)

Example Account Card with Icons:

<img width="505" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-30 at 10 59 39 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4262489/193355585-c5c7b1c3-6682-4157-a013-94f8a5a21a20.png">


Example Account Top Languages:

<img width="312" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-29 at 9 09 05 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4262489/193121588-9737c861-d08a-4103-9d9b-11bcd0c7c713.png">

Example Repo Card:

![Screen Shot 2022-09-27 at 3 51 15 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4262489/192545079-c602944c-6843-427a-b810-832973e6782c.png)

# Future plans

Initially this is a wrapper for [github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) supporting the basic github account stats card. Other features can be supported later, depending on demand:

1. themes
1. account top languages

_Please report issues found or suggestions in the [project issues page](https://github.com/ayoayco/astro-github-stats/issues)_
